chore: add documentation for configuration (#23)
cap-js/advanced-event-mesh: README.md

}
```

> Additional configuration options are:

Reviewer: should we also mention `clientFactory`?

Reviewer: it is already possible

| Property | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `session` | [SessionProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SessionProperties.html) | Used for [`createSession`](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SolclientFactory.html#createSession) |
| `queue`   | [createMsgVpnQueue](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/swagger-ui/software-broker/config/index.html#/msgVpn/createMsgVpnQueue) | The queue object which is created via the SEMP API |
| `consumer` | [MessageConsumerProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.MessageConsumerProperties.html) | Used for [`createMessageConsumer`](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.Session.html#createMessageConsumer) |

> The default values can be found [in the package.json](https://github.com/cap-js/advanced-event-mesh/blob/main/package.json#L35).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default values can be found in the plugin's [package.json](https://github.com/cap-js/advanced-event-mesh/blob/main/package.json).
```
i wouldn't like to have to keep the line number up to date

Author: Yes, also thought about that, was also a bit hesitant :)

}
```

Additional configuration options are:

| Property | Type | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `session` | [SessionProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SessionProperties.html) | Used for [`createSession`](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SolclientFactory.html#createSession) |
| `queue`   | [createMsgVpnQueue](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/swagger-ui/software-broker/config/index.html#/msgVpn/createMsgVpnQueue) | The queue object which is created via the [SEMP API](https://docs.solace.com/Admin/SEMP/Using-SEMP.htm) |
| `consumer` | [MessageConsumerProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.MessageConsumerProperties.html) | Used for [`createMessageConsumer`](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.Session.html#createMessageConsumer) |

> | `clientFactory` | [SolclientFactoryProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SolclientFactoryProperties.html#SolclientFactoryProperties) | Used to create the client factory |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `clientFactory` | [SolclientFactoryProperties](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SolclientFactoryProperties.html#SolclientFactoryProperties) | Used to create the [SolclientFactory](https://docs.solace.com/API-Developer-Online-Ref-Documentation/nodejs/solace.SolclientFactory.html) instance |
```
